README.md, before:

![Taubyte Spore Drive architecture diagram showing automated deployment of multiple servers into a decentralized Taubyte cloud using host files, IP addresses, and credentials](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0213a64e-498a-4e03-aaa0-0f4ef12e6f73)


# Spore Drive

**Spore Drive is a simple deployment tool for building a Taubyte cloud from your own servers.**

You give it:
- A hosts file (server IPs + access credentials)
- A Tau source (latest official build or your own custom build)

Spore Drive does the rest.

It installs, configures, and connects all servers into a single **Taubyte cloud**, automatically.



## What it actually does
- Provisions multiple servers at once
- Installs Tau on each node
- Connects nodes into a decentralized Taubyte fabric
- Turns raw servers into a working cloud

No manual node setup.  
No control plane to babysit.



## Who it’s for
- Teams deploying Taubyte on bare metal or VMs
- Self-hosted, private, or edge cloud setups
- Anyone who wants full control over infrastructure







## In one sentence
**Spore Drive turns a list of servers into a Taubyte cloud.**

Commit message:

Revise README with image and updated functionality
Updated the README.md to include an image and modified the description of what Spore Drive does.

README.md, after:


<img width="2664" height="1364" alt="Frame 240 (1)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a70ae47-0c5b-4f96-b23f-2623c2fe6ff7" />

# Spore Drive

**Spore Drive is a simple deployment tool for building a Taubyte cloud from your own servers.**

You give it:
- A hosts file (server IPs + access credentials)
- A Tau source (latest official build or your own custom build)

Spore Drive does the rest.

It installs, configures, and connects all servers into a single **Taubyte cloud**, automatically.



## What it actually does
- Provisions multiple servers at once
- Installs Tau on each node
- Connects nodes into a meshed peer-to-peer network
- Plug in your servers and watch them become a cloud.

No manual node setup.  
No control plane to babysit.



## Who it’s for
- Teams deploying Taubyte on bare metal or VMs
- Self-hosted, private, or edge cloud setups
- Anyone who wants full control over infrastructure







## In one sentence
**Spore Drive turns a list of servers into a Taubyte cloud.**
